# Unit 4 Homework: Pandas, Pandas, Pandas
In this assignment, you’ll create and manipulate Pandas DataFrames to analyze school and standardized test data.


## Before You Begin

1. Create a new repository for this project called `pandas-challenge`. **Do not add this homework to an existing repository**.

2. Clone the new repository to your computer.

3. Inside your local Git repository, create a folder for this homework assignment and name the folder `PyCitySchools`.

4. Add your Jupyter notebook to this folder. This will be the main script to run for analysis.

5. Push these changes to GitHub or GitLab.



## Background

Having spent years analyzing financial records for big banks, you've finally scratched your idealistic itch and joined the education sector. Your latest role is Chief Data Scientist for your city's school district. In this capacity, you'll be helping the school board and mayor make strategic decisions regarding future school budgets and priorities.

As a first task, you've been asked to analyze the district-wide standardized test results. You'll be given access to every student's math and reading scores, as well as various information on the schools they attend. Your task is to aggregate the data to showcase obvious trends in school performance.

## Instructions

Using Pandas and Jupyter Notebook, create a report that includes the following data. Your report must include a written description of at least two observable trends based on the data.

## Report
## Findings by Pradip Raodeo
1] Top 5 performing schools are charter schools, while bottom 5 performing schools are district schools
2] Higher spending per student doesn't contribute to Overall % passing of students in school. We see from our data $645-680	spend range has only 53.53% passing rate
3] Large (2000-5000) schools clearly shown less Overall % passing of students in school (58.29%), while Small or Medium Schools shown almost 90% Overall % passing of students in school
4] Charter schools shown 90% Overall % passing of students in school vs 54% Overall % passing of students in school in District school. Note District schools are generally large schools

## End of Report
Data generated by Mockaroo, LLC. (2021) Realistic Data Generator. [https://www.mockaroo.com/](https://mockaroo.com/). Modified by Trilogy Education Services, LLC.

- - -

© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
